Ihsan Abdel
Karim, I am in a border area on Basan al-Kabira,
Sharqan Yunus, and we were informed by the occupation army
that it had invaded the area. Knowing that none of us are
resistance fighters, nor are my brothers resisters, nor is anyone in
Al Ain. We sat with my aunt and from my aunt’s house.
We moved to the schools to target the homes of
my aunt’s neighbourhood, and currently we are in
Care C Dive Agency Schools: There are approximately 14 families other than children who
are there if one person becomes ill almost all the time. The
infection spreads, most of
the time, if I find water in the
first place. The agency provides it for some patients, not all patients, but they know my condition because I am kidney disease, so they tried to
provide me with one glove a day, so I can wash it for three
days in  Almost every week, day after day,
I used to come to my appointment normally, but since the
war, I have come an hour after my appointment.
[Music]
Three machines have stopped due to the lack of
powder. Unfortunately, we wait for four or
five to wash, and
those present who are not in Khan Yunis, located in the
north, come to me.  In the area of ​​Khan Yunis, in order to
do the washing for them, the washing hours became two and
a half hours so that we have room
for others, knowing that it is not enough and we get tired
and sometimes we go back to the emergency room also where there is room for us to
wash because of the large number present here.
The centers we have in Khan Yunis are the
only center, the Nasser Medical Complex that has  It is the
Hind Al-Daghma Center, and this has been built for approximately
two years, and there is a lot of pressure on it. We have one in the
south of the sector in Rafah. Then they cannot move,
of course, because of the bombing that is happening and the first aid is not
enough to get there. He asked the world: We love
peace, we need wars. Enough of what happened to us, but
this war
has reached us.  50 years have passed, unfortunately